Copyright (c) 2005 Design2see

International License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs

General Terms

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PROGRAM. DESIGN2SEE WILL LICENSE THE PROGRAM TO YOU ONLY IF YOU
FIRST ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY USING THE PROGRAM YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED PROGRAM TO THE PARTY (EITHER DESIGN2SEE OR ITS RESELLER) FROM WHOM
YOU ACQUIRED IT TO RECEIVE A REFUND OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID.

The Program is owned by Design2See or one of its subsidiaries (DESIGN2SEE) or an DESIGN2SEE supplier, and is
copyrighted and licensed, not sold.

The term "Program" means the original program and all whole or partial copies of it. A Program consists of
machine-readable instructions, its components, data, audio-visual content (such as images, text, recordings, or
pictures), and related licensed materials.

This Agreement includes Part 1 - General Terms and Part 2 - Country-unique Terms and is the complete agreement
regarding the use of this Program, and replaces any prior oral or written communications between you and
DESIGN2SEE.

1. License

Use of the Program

DESIGN2SEE grants you a nonexclusive license to use the Program.

You may 1) use the Program to the extent of authorizations you have acquired and 2) make and install copies to support
the level of use authorized, providing you reproduce the copyright notice and any other legends of ownership on each
copy, or partial copy, of the Program.

If you acquire this Program as a program upgrade, your authorization to use the Program from which you upgraded is
terminated.

You will ensure that anyone who uses the Program does so only in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

You may not 1) use, copy, modify, or distribute the Program except as provided in this Agreement; 2) reverse assemble,
reverse compile, or otherwise translate the Program except as specifically permitted by law without the possibility of
contractual waiver; or 3) sublicense, rent, or lease the Program.

Transfer of Rights and Obligations

You may transfer all your license rights and obligations under a Proof of Entitlement for the Program to another party
by transferring the Proof of Entitlement and a copy of this Agreement and all documentation. The transfer of your
license rights and obligations terminates your authorization to use the Program under the Proof of
Entitlement.

2. Proof of Entitlement

The Proof of Entitlement for this Program is evidence of your authorization to use this Program and of your eligibility
for future upgrade program prices (if announced) and potential special or promotional opportunities.

3. Charges and Taxes

DESIGN2SEE defines use for the Program for charging purposes and specifies it in the Proof of Entitlement. Charges are
based on extent of use authorized. If you wish to increase the extent of use, notify DESIGN2SEE or its reseller and pay
any applicable charges. DESIGN2SEE does not give refunds or credits for charges already due or paid.

If any authority imposes a duty, tax, levy or fee, excluding those based on DESIGN2SEE's net income, upon the Program
supplied by DESIGN2SEE under this Agreement, then you agree to pay that amount as DESIGN2SEE specifies or supply
exemption documentation.

4. No Warranty

SUBJECT TO ANY STATUTORY WARRANTIES WHICH CAN NOT BE EXCLUDED, DESIGN2SEE MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE PROGRAM OR TECHNICAL SUPPORT, IF ANY. DESIGN2SEE
MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE CAPABILITY OF THE PROGRAM TO CORRECTLY PROCESS, PROVIDE AND/OR RECEIVE DATE DATA WITHIN
AND BETWEEN THE 20TH AND 21ST CENTURIES.

The exclusion also applies to any of DESIGN2SEE's subcontractors, suppliers, or program developers (collectively called
"Suppliers").

Manufacturers, suppliers, or publishers of non-DESIGN2SEE Programs may provide their own warranties.

5. Limitation of Liability

NEITHER DESIGN2SEE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR OTHER ECONOMIC CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF DESIGN2SEE IS
INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

6. General

Nothing in this Agreement affects any statutory rights of consumers that cannot be waived or limited by contract.

DESIGN2SEE may terminate your license if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement. If DESIGN2SEE does so,
you must immediately destroy the Program and all copies you made of it.

You agree to comply with applicable export laws and regulations.

Neither you nor DESIGN2SEE will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than two years after the cause of action
arose unless otherwise provided by local law without the possibility of contractual waiver or limitation.

Neither you nor DESIGN2SEE is responsible for failure to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control.

DESIGN2SEE does not provide program services or technical support, unless DESIGN2SEE specifies otherwise.

The laws of the country in which you acquire the Program govern this Agreement.
